Auto batch size for torch model (#2318)
unit8co/darts: CHANGELOG.md

  - Renamed the private `_is_probabilistic` property to a public `supports_probabilistic_prediction`.
- Improvements to `DataTransformer`: [#2267](https://github.com/unit8co/darts/pull/2267) by [Alicja Krzeminska-Sciga](https://github.com/alicjakrzeminska).
  - `InvertibleDataTransformer` now supports parallelized inverse transformation for `series` being a list of lists of `TimeSeries` (`Sequence[Sequence[TimeSeries]]`). This `series` type represents for example the output from `historical_forecasts()` when using multiple series. 

> - New method `TorchForecastingModel.scale_batch_size()` that helps to find batch size automatically. [#2318](https://github.com/unit8co/darts/pull/2318) by [Bohdan Bilonoh](https://github.com/BohdanBilonoh)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Improvements to `TorchForecastingModel`:
  - New method `TorchForecastingModel.scale_batch_size()` to find the maximum batch size for fit and predict before memory would run out. [#2318](https://github.com/unit8co/darts/pull/2318) by [Bohdan Bilonoh](https://github.com/BohdanBilonoh)
```
